what is your belief about belief is it
important is it a starting point it is
the only thing that matters it is
literally the only thing that matters
because your experience how you build
something what you learn whatever it is
anything that you achieve it is
literally only based off of how much you
believe that's going to happen goals and
all the stuff all this is breaking it
down into micro actions for you to
understand it and believe it right
because at the end of the day it's only
people that lose belief that quit
everybody welcome to impact Theory
you're here my friends because you
believe that human potential is nearly
limitless but you know that having
potential is not the same as actually
doing something with it so our goal with
this show and company is to introduce
you to the people and ideas that will
help you actually execute on your dreams
all right today's guest is an
entrepreneur and media superstar who
managed to turn a career as a
professional skateboarder into a
multi-million dollar empire this man's
real estate shoes food alcohol
entertainment and several other
verticals not bad for a kid who dropped
out of high school at the age of 16 move
west for the promise of a thousand bucks
a month and spent most nights drinking
and smoking weed until at 24 his
sponsors thanked him for his service and
told him that they believe that the best
years of his life were behind him
instead of that shutting him down
however this wake-up call lit a fire
under his ass and he promised before his
contract expired he'd be an entirely
different person and despite people's
doubts he put his head down and got to
work swearing that he'd never get
complacent again and over the next two
years he completely transformed himself
mind and body and the resulting career
is the kind of thing that people make
movies about he's designed his own shoe
dozens of times over launched the
world's first true professional
skateboarding League and a first of its
kind skateboarding channel he's made
toys that were sold Walmart helped build
multiple luxury brands created a
production company that's made hit shows
for MTV Nickelodeon and CMT his shows
robbing big Fantasy Factory
ridiculousness and amazingness have not
only made him a household name they've
essentially made him the modern face of
the entire
TV network he's been attacked by a shark
and the tiger kissed a bear on the lips
and set the record for longest backwards
car jump all on purpose
he's also set 21 separate Guinness Book
of World Records for skateboarding and
actually flipped a car as a part of a
Superbowl commercial without the aid of
CGI his diverse and staggering success
is hard to comprehend but it's all the
result of intention and discipline so
please help me in welcoming the founder
and CEO of the full-service venture
studio dyrdek machine rob dyrdek half of
why I wanted to come here was for how I
really thought to myself like man he's
gonna give me like a really cool intro
and be psyched I can't wait to show it I
love that about the show and it was
literally a thousand times better than I
even expected so thank you man thank you
thank you dude so this literally the
show is about bringing on people that
inspire me so writing the intro while
the longest part of the process probably
is it is that moment where I really like
get to capture what it is and maybe want
to bring the person on so what you've
done is is pure insanity my wife and I
have spent many many many an hour
watching Fantasy Factory and actually
when I left quest and I finally had the
money to do whatever I wanted we
originally were instead of building it
in the house we're gonna get like this
crazy thing we said all right code name
fantasy factory like what do we turn
this into so that that is still
something that I would love to shoot on
him and I just feel like your version of
a fantasy factory would be incredible
you know it would be a lot of fun and
you got to think like I move at such a
pace that even hearing so much of that
stuff I just forget I I forget about the
depth of a lot of the things that I've
done throughout the time because I
almost only have memory and like 3-year
chunks at a time from doing so much
different stuff and when I hear about
the idea of flipping cars and breaking
World Records jumping cars backwards and
getting attacked by sharks and tigers it
just makes me feel so warm inside
it's like it's like a highlight reel
like nobody's highlight reel that can
never be taken away you know it's it's
the joys of what something like Fantasy
Factory allowed me to achieve not only
from a business and media standpoint but
really from these bizarre highlights of
doing all this fun exciting stuff it's
so there's a couple things in there that
I want to talk about one too anyway but
we'll come back to that and then to that
memory right so you're in the water you
just got attacked by the shark on
purpose swim back up to the top in what
I imagine is sort of an adrenaline rush
but you stop yourself
force yourself to really stop and take
it in why do you do that
I just knew at that point that I would
never be diving most likely ever again I
would never be around 50 sharks ever
again
and it was just this moment of clarity
that was just like wow whatever happens
for the rest of your life look at this
you just allowed an 8-foot shark to bite
you and attack your arm and it worked
you know I mean it's like before I got
in the water it was like this is so dumb
like why would I even want to do this
I'm gonna lose function over this arm
for this television showing at the time
you know they were saying they didn't
like any of the cuts and weren't gonna
air it right and so was even that much
more stressful of lack I'm going down to
get attacked by a shark all for nothing
right it was sort of the intent of it
and and I think that moment of clarity
just allowed me to soak in a moment that
I didn't want to forget ever again you
know and I think from time to time on
really really big moments I'm able to
really settle down into the present so
so deeply that it becomes ingrained
forever right versus where I'm so used
to being surface level like moving at a
hundred miles an hour
achieving vision and goals as opposed to
settling into moments from time to time
that are super important I having my
first child when I
I got married I was able to just sink
into it so deeply that every single
moment of getting married is so vivid to
me you know and and I think it's luck
that I did it in certain times other
times it was the type of moments that
you don't ever want to forget and you
have to purposefully put yourself there
in a deep level to remember and
otherwise you're just getting through it
and do you say in those moments like
really just slow down stop look at it
like how do you make sure that this is
what you're gonna hold onto yeah I
literally like stop myself and talk to
myself like just there's you know I
would almost considered a level of
presence I think people probably find a
meditation right where you just just
ground you get grounded much more you
know and I just purposefully ground
myself with the intent of remembering it
which basically subconsciously like hits
record almost right it's it's it's a
different sort of level and and I just
don't think you can do it without doing
it purposefully you know so you and I
share a sort of weird memory trait which
is I've always looked at it as I live in
these tenure chunks and I have like this
sort of 10-year phase that I remember
pretty intensely but even that it sort
of dies off so that the tenth year I
remember a lot less than year number one
and at first it really bothered me
because I would forget a lot of cool
and then I realized this is
actually really beneficial because the
things that I see other people hold on
to I don't hold on to them just because
they they dissipate so rapidly in my
memory yeah do you cultivate the like
this is what I want to lose as much as
you cultivate this is what I want to
hold on to I don't think so but I'm I
called my lack of memory the gift in the
curse right it can come back and jam me
up where I wish I would have retained
certain things and and turned them into
habit if you will but God it's a
beautiful curse I mean I live without
failure you know what I mean like I live
without regret without pain without any
of the stuff like behind of all the
stuff that I went through it it bleeds
away so so easily for me you know so I
don't do it purposefully
you know certain things may trigger more
painful stuff as they're fresher but
eventually I don't remember any of it
but it also forces me now to stuff that
I really want to retain especially turn
to habit which I think is probably the
most difficult transition of experience
of how do you take something good or bad
that you've experienced and then apply
the lesson from it and now in a
consistent way I think again for that
aspect you have to like like recognize
it identify it and then begin to use it
with intent you know in order to have it
sink it going back to the other thing I
want to talk about from that Danny way
so for those who don't know Danny was a
skateboarder amazing skateboarder jump
the Great Wall of China
but you were there for that was pretty
crazy that whole documentary was
mind-blowing yeah but you've you've
talked really eloquently about the fact
that like he doesn't have a fear like
ability to really recognize fear yeah
talk to me about that and then I want to
hear how it because to me like the way
you feel about Danny way I feel about
you just from a skateboarding
shark-attack perspective that so no I
was scared because I mean and it was
like I look at that as look here's the
delineation between me and him where I
need to add up all of these things to
fight through the fear right I need to
have all these stakes connected to it
like I was you know getting attacked
launching my toy line in Walmart doing a
television program for Walmart and
launching this brand-new season
brand-new show to follow robbing big
right it was like the stakes and the
calculation and just that's what drove
me to that level to be able to execute
and where I feel like he's just really
doing it out of like the passion for the
accomplishing it that's really
interesting and I'll be really
interested to see how that plays out in
other areas of his life like if he's
able to bring that that play and
innovation which so one thing that
you've described as being somewhat
unique to skateboarding but it seems
like you're doing as an entrepreneur is
skateboarding allows this progression
right you learn one thing at Stax you
learn the Nexus stacks on that until
doing you know crazy tricks like Danny
do you see that as having correlates in
entrepreneur ISM and and what is that
notion of progression like how can
people understand that and internalized
in their in life I believe progression
is the key to happiness right it's that
the expansion of the universe and
ultimate evolution and when you equate
it to skateboarding you learn to ollie
you learn to kickflip you learn to grind
you learn to kickflip to grind right
like you learn to kickflip the backside
Smith you learn to kickflip to backside
Smith to kickflip out right like it's
these levels and you can only evolve and
progress and become elite if you
understand and learn the foundational
steps along the way to put all of what
you could consider experience together
to do something really incredible and I
think a lot of people don't understand
when it comes to entrepreneurial ISM
there's sort of these key elements that
you have to understand from a
foundational perspective in order to
find success you know what you know
which is ultimately creating a brand
understanding how to operationalize that
and understanding the financial
implications of how you do both those
things right I think so many different
times in the world of entrepreneurial
ISM especially this day and age its idea
driven right as opposed to the battles
won or lost and how its operationalized
and then ultimately the union economics
behind the idea right I think that's one
of the biggest things that's overlooked
in the space especially this day and age
of so many people having an idea that
they think can be a successful business
and wrapping some sort of service or
need or disruption around that idea
without clearly understanding how to
evolve that into an operationalized
business that makes money it's a huge
gap you know and has your career
followed that kind of trajectory where
you feel like ok in the early days I
learned this and then that helped me
understand this and then now at this
phase in my career where you've talked
about you're going into
the forever part of your career right
both with your house and with sort of
post Tony Robbins which we'll talk about
cuz I'm so fascinated to see your
response to him which is exactly my
response to him so is is that is that
how you're conceptualizing it now like
okay hey I've learned all this stuff and
it's going to allow me to efficiently
run the dyrdek machine yeah I think I
stopped and self evaluated four years
ago right where I just evaluated
everything right like what worked what
didn't and then what do you have left to
learn and I hired a group of consultants
to basically dissect how to build
flawless businesses and then along that
way by basically spending almost a year
developing the system of the direct
machine it was really like going to
college from the operational and
financial side right because what I
already had a deep brand mind what what
that process allowed me to do is
basically systematize it in a way that I
could now look deeper into a brand and
how to simply put the pieces together to
put a soul into that brand I had to
learn the depth of operationalizing a
business because I didn't live on the
operational side and I don't like it
rights don't like it and from the
financial perspective I just never got
deep into it I always had somebody
handle it for me and it required
spending years of learning brand mastery
through my lens operational mastery
through my lens than financial mastery
through my lens that I could then create
a theory by which I approached venture
capital right and inside that I learned
that the type of individual I need to do
the business with the clear path to
sustainability I need to see inside a
revenue model that's tactical and
believable and then ultimately from an
operational side is it doable and can
you scale without the operational side
needing to scale along with it I think
these these now become these sort of
cornerstones that I triangulate
opportunity off of before I then look at
it is it disruptive is it is it solving
a need is it being reinvented in the
right way by the right individual and
then then can I have a big enough stake
that will interest me right because what
I realized quickly is I'm not an
investor I don't have know if I don't
own a significant stake of a business
and and when it raises ten million or
raises six million or you know does four
million in profit that I'm getting
liquid and from profitable companies and
seeing a clear path to liquidity with
every business that I create from a
potential exit strategy that's
significant that always keep me excited
right I think that's sort of the blend
that I had to fully understand within
myself and what my personal mastery is
right of wanting to you know where the
most joy I get is creating brands you
know whether it's in media whether it's
a alcohol brand a vitamin brand a
nutritional brand right whatever it may
be it's that incubation side and
creative side that I am so excited about
but it's only fun if it goes like this
right it's like the business that you
you stumble out the gate and then you're
like you're in no-man's land and then
it's like when do we let go of it like
even the emotional side I had to learn
to if my passion is creating successful
sustainable businesses you also have to
detach yourself from being emotionally
invested to everything that you do and
analytically decide did you achieve what
you intended out of it and when is it
time to is the ROI on your energy just
not worth it any longer right and I and
I just think that all of those things
are need to be systematized based off of
your own personal needs your own
personal master your own personal chase
of energy and that's really what I did
over those years you know so because I
think a lot of people struggle with
getting clarity on what they really want
who they really want to become what
they're like I deal
world look like I know that you felt
like I had tried all this stuff and some
succeed in some failed and I've sorta
all over the map and so what I had to do
is really get clarity what what was the
process of getting that clarity you have
to seek it you have to seek like life
mastery you're like your first thing is
like what is your entire life look like
right it's very difficult I know I think
younger people struggle with trying to
like look at forever and trying to
design a life and then now evaluating
every single opportunity based off of
how it fits into that core master plan
and I think as I began to unwind and
systematize the way I looked at brands I
at the same time began to look at my
life the same way and I read a book at
the beginning of this whole process
called start at the end right and it was
the idea of you must decide ahead of
time what your intent is for this
business that you're going to build do
you want it to be a five million dollar
business with 50% gross margin that you
take home a million dollars a year from
and it does 3 million of sales five
million sales like do you want to build
it and sell it is it your passion to run
forever like every business that I am
invested in right now everybody every
single one of the CEOs and founders all
have a clear path an end in mind I
demanded Russ I don't I don't have any
interest right and I I think I applied
that same sort of mentality after
discovering it in the business world of
like well why would you not look at your
life like that and then build your life
backwards and then it just opened up
this insane level of deep clarity
because then you start thinking about
time and energy and okay how do you
systematize your life to stay balanced
and and what I like to call just living
in the energy right and because the
reality of it is is there are so many
different things in life that suck the
soul right out of you
and you have to learn to basically build
a life with very few of those and so few
even when you you get hit by one every
now
then that it just simply doesn't stay
because there's so few things taking
energy but giving you energy because at
the end its energy and first so many
people it's different it unfortunately
for me it's I want to live in a 20,000
square-foot house and that has endless
views and is super modern and is $750 a
square foot to build and like some
incredible lot and have five children
and live a fully balanced amazing life
and and fly private everywhere and be
able to build companies non-stop for the
rest of my life like my needs as an
individual from a material side I didn't
try to deny right I didn't I didn't
build with the intent of oh let me get
to this level and then I'll change my
life plan like it was it was build a
life plan from both material energy and
where you would like to spend your time
and then now look at opportunity and
chase down everything you do to fill
that thing in you know and it's the
depth of clarity is the greatest form of
peace and happiness because you you
begin to now optimize your clear goal
and when you say clarity do you mean
clarity of what I want clarity of the
the path what's the I would say both not
only of you what you want but the path
and then as you begin to optimize it
it becomes so much more believable right
and as you you know there's no part of
like I on my dream board it's it's my
company's logo and then all the
companies I'm starting with acquisition
liquidity like all the different things
then it's actual renderings of the house
that I want to build it's like every
month I look at my entire net worth on a
on a on a net worth and a cash basis
versus every single holding and how much
the ROI is at this point and my total
expenses verse all of that fully
connected then connected to those
expenses to them what my tax deferred
with a fully blended tax liability just
gives you clarity you know there's just
no aspects you make no moves in life
there's not one thing that I don't do
that's not serving sort of the purpose
of my progression towards that you know
so I want to talk about transformation
like it's incredible to hear you talk
now and to even compare it to say five
or six years ago was very different and
the the transformation that you went
through at 24 when they said okay
basically we're gonna give you to your
contract as a thank you this is DC right
to your contract is a thank you but we
think the best years are behind you
which is crazy did they actually say
that yeah that is amazing
so what stings what was that moment like
so obviously it sucked and then why
didn't you crumble and what did you do
look I I'm I've always been driven right
in and I think it at that particular
time it was I was I just wasn't getting
enough out of being a pro skateboarder
you know I was starting all these random
companies and doing all this different
stuff and and working on building to
skate plazas and Street League and what
that could be had a hip-hop record label
and skate shops and just all these
different companies that I was building
but but I still felt generally at that
age lost right and that led to a lot of
partying which then led to like just
eating terribly and just being genuinely
lazy and where it affects you the most
is being an athlete right so now you're
not executing at your core business and
that lens that he was putting on me was
like you should just come work at DC
just design shoes you're so good at
designing shoes and you're so creative
and like you should just you know will
you be satisfied with an Audi a4 and
buying a condo you're like you made it
you know I mean you own a condo and you
got an Audi eight
you know and I was like no no no and I
said I promise you in two years from now
I'll be a completely different person
and it I don't I'm not even gonna say it
I'm just gonna to prove it you know and
and that was you know truly all the fire
that I needed to like you know get
kick-started on on you need to take
control of what your opportunity is and
make sure that you focus on on
skateboarding as it will allow you to
maximize all of your other ambitions
long-term you know and so then what's
that process you put your head down you
get to work but I know that you reach
out to a hypnotherapist was like step
one yeah so what was the thinking why
hypnotherapist what they help you do I
think at the time like in theory I was
beginning to focus and skate a ton and I
was skating in contests right so I
sought out a hypnotherapist that had
worked with Phil Mickelson to win a
major in pro golf right and so the idea
was that I was just going to go in there
to help make me more consistent under
pressure based off of that but he had
written a book called hyper success the
great dr. George Pratt and he was like
look can we test first if you believe
like subconsciously that you're meant to
have great success and I think oh yeah
let's get to the root of this and what
what is your belief about belief is it
important is it a starting point it is
the only thing that matters it is
literally the only thing that matters
because your experience how you build
something what you learn whatever it is
anything that you achieve it is
literally only based off of how much you
believe it's going to happen goals and
all the stuff all this is breaking it
down into micro actions for you to
understand it and believe it right and I
think you know there's two levels of it
right it's it's why I love from a
business side having tactical revenue
models that show you step by
step we can grow this many units by this
many months and this many doors over
this much time that's unbelievable to
execute
that's why goal setting in a specific
way means so much right but at a 30,000
foot level
you know from a mentality standpoint
that unwavering self belief is what I
look for in people I partner with
because that's allows you to micro fail
and take big losses and take them as
lessons and just move and chase down and
constantly be doing micro pivoting to
achieve your bigger vision of your big
goal right because at the end of the day
it's only people that lose belief that
quit and belief gives you so much energy
and again why when you begin to tie all
these things together especially from
goals and planning aspect it's easy to
weather storms when you you understand
okay I've got to move around to get to
the next pillar of this goal rather than
thinking like none of this is going to
work type of mentality you know but it
is it is it is the hardest thing to
teach right I think it only comes with I
had so much success so early on and all
of my big risks that when they didn't
work out other big risks worked out
behind it there was this layering behind
it that created such a deep self belief
that you have incredible patience you
have a deep understanding of who you are
personally and what your bigger goal is
and what you're setting out to achieve
that you may not be able to articulate
or make others fully understand right
and I think it is what I seek the most
and everybody that I do business with
right that at least one person whose
mind and eyes and soul is behind this
idea
that has that that deep unwavering
belief because that's what it takes to
truly find success you know I love that
you call them doer dyers yeah
so other than belief what are what is a
doer Dyer I tried to identify it of sort
of the core values of individuals that
are like me right and and one it starts
with being passionately compelled right
where you're not your fire comes from
the desire that you have to realize the
passion you're more compelled to execute
it you're not proving someone wrong
or looking for some sort of material
aspect of it it's really more who you
are as an individual I think you have to
know what you're great at and know what
you're not great at in order to assess
and put the right people to help you
achieve anything that you want to
achieve on on any level right honestly
in the sense that you're being realistic
about I suck at this but also I'm really
good at this right it's okay to be very
self-aware at how good you are at
something but it's as long as you know
the great super driven people tend to
believe they can be great they they
would be great at everything if they
just spent the time learning it or
knowing it right and I think there's
it's the self awareness idea of like you
know which are really great at and you
have the ability to find people like you
in identifying to fill the gaps that you
don't have you know how do people get
self-aware like that though I think it's
a certain type of person that can even
get there right like if you're not
someone that's trying to evolve and grow
and have sort of that idea of wanting to
progress and become a better version of
yourself and and beginning to like self
analyze in a positive way
I don't know if you can I think if
you're profoundly grounded you're you
just you don't like float away with the
highs and you don't get broken by it by
the lows you know and
I think you understand that it's all
part of the process and it allows you to
be what I like to just call a good
person you know at the end of the day
you just want like good people to do
business with and when you win and do
stuff and meet you just want like you
just want good people you know and I
think that's kind of what that core
value for me on on what it was on why
you know at the time when I was really
dissecting like let me understand the
individuals who I am and then who I want
to partner with people don't talk often
enough about when creating a business it
is there are thousands of layers man
thousands of layers that on a daily
basis you are making all these micro
decisions and choices that that a lot of
times have to be generated off a gut and
feeling by the direction of it kind of
being off to you right and and there
isn't as simple as you can make a
perfect plan but you still have to be
relentlessly evolving inside that that
entire thing and I think someone that
constantly is looking at how to optimize
stuff has that sort of mentality and in
the final one to me is like relentlessly
consistent right it is like you're just
this is who you are and how you are
consistency is the only pathway to
greatness and ultimately it's the only
pathway to trust you know when you're
doing stuff with other individuals and
other human beings and people like you
you build trust through the dependence
of how consistent you are in a and a
human being on all levels right so when
I identify that it's strictly for other
people that I'm gonna be in business
with and be like this is how deeply I've
thought about the type of person that I
am and I believe you're this type of
person and why and what makes me make
that decision to do this deal together
to execute this so I'm listening to this
and I'm thinking okay I I want to know
that I can become this if I'm not this
already and one of the things that I
know that you've talked about being
really powerful as habits so how can
people
put habits into place in their own lives
that'll help them get closer to that and
then what are those habits habits are
different for different people depending
on the stage and depending on what you
do but I'm I'm big on systems III just
think like if you don't have deep
structure and systems and you create
some sort of quantifiable accountability
for what you want to evolve and do a
habit you are you saying you would
create a metric for a habit itself
depending on what it is right like when
it's sleep structure and getting up at
five and and getting in the sauna having
connected to that having a diet that
includes your shake and your meals and
and every last thing that you would do
that optimizes you and makes you the
best person it's it's tracking all of
that has something for you to answer to
but then ultimately helps turn all this
stuff into things you don't have to
think about anymore you know and even
for me like I am rather than like hope
that I find balance
I have deeply structured balance you
know in the sense of how I run my days
and how I run meetings in time around
that how I scheduled a time and
systematize time with both my wife and
children and and and free thinking and
all of these different aspects of what I
need and then I live free inside that
structure right in in to me the less you
have to think about the better things
you can turn to habit right and and
habits just aren't like oh I want to
start doing this how do I do it like
it's it has to be like done for a while
fail done for a while then like it has
to be in and literally you know that's
why I love the book the one thing is
like if God if you can identify just one
thing at a time that you want to rip
through and and do it so much that you
just don't have to think about it again
and I think someone that's naturally
optimizing in life and getting better
and better you end up
all this stuff that you had to force
into habit that's just now a part of how
you live you know I think even you know
for two years I I would get up and every
day I would rate how motivated I was
zero to ten and where it became so
profoundly effective for me is what I
realized there's any time I was under
five I would look at the world
half-empty right so in those like
mindsets you pick apart every decision
you just hate every like you just
literally like everything annoys you
right and anything above that like you
could take with a grain of salt
regardless of what happens and by just
doing that exercise it made me be able
to identify the things that were sucking
the energy out of me and driving me
below and I was able to slowly evolve
those out of my life to where eventually
I just don't ever wake up under a five I
just don't right away you've constructed
your life we have constructed my
existence right all the way down to how
I live in everything and that sort of
clarity that I spoke about and an
understanding was a major part of that
right that led to understanding and
identifying like like all these things
that that took energy and mindshare from
me that brought me down there and again
it was the process of self evaluating
and learning and developing that life
plan and business plan all that stuff
and the same sort of timing and
framework added to this entire
collective life existence if you will
that's built around what you get energy
from right but but all of that required
understanding and having quantifiable
data even if you're qualitatively
attaining the data it's still the number
that you get to eventually be like I
shouldn't even collect this anymore
right at one point I was also doing
calories and then I would also I had
these incredible charts where I would
track how many hours I worked how much I
spent on my health and
how much I slept and then did regular
activities so I had this incredible data
and I was trying to correlate that
motivational number each morning and I
would then at the end of every day I
would do qualitative 0 to 10 on how I
felt about work health and life right
and all that did was make it incredibly
clear that there's like a handful of
things that you need to systematize and
turn to structure and get clarity on and
you wipe away every even needing to to
chase this data it's just a little bit
of discipline and some clarity and a
couple key aspects and you can be free
from from even needing to go this deep
so well can you give an example because
I actually find it really interesting
and I really hope people at home are
listening that you are generating the
data so it'll be interesting to see how
you've moved past that but you're
generating these data points are
dropping into Google Calendar if I
remember right your system turns it into
these Google Docs and you can actually
like graph out where I'm feeling low
where I'm feeling high okay I make this
adjustment you're correlating your arcs
with where you're at in life and what
you're accomplishing like that level of
specificity by the way gets lost in your
persona because your persona of course
is like the over the top okay right
exactly her partying and so talking to
drama it was like he was like no no no
like this guy works yeah
now obviously with what how successful
you've been that wasn't surprising at
all but it's like I I think people will
lose that very very enlightening message
which is when what worked for me was
massive amount of clarity plan data
point even like I'd love the way you
threw it out just like Oh even if you're
getting it qualitatively you can still
get like these data points that geez
this like actually really
brilliant if people are actually
listening to what you're saying we're
sure it's a qualitative point but now I
have an objective data point and so I
can begin to build this map of am I
going where I want to go and hearing
that level of detail then it becomes
clear how you've been able to achieve
everything that you've been able to
achieve and I heard one time about Jeff
Bezos the founder of Amazon somebody was
like oh can you like do an interview or
something he's like I'm trying to
optimize my tooth brushing routine I
don't have time for that right like he's
trying to eat every like grain of
opportunity out of every second that he
has and I feel that in your system as
well so now tell me what are the things
I can structure to not need those data
points and look I I would let me say
this too that it's why I don't do press
or interviews or very often and why why
even coming here like you know the only
the only people that I've even spoke to
impress you know outside of having a
promote amazingness for like one day
that's the most I would do even though
they've just given you another
television show on MTV I'd like to have
these conversations from from time to
time as just another layer of like hey
this is actually how I think you know
what I mean before you know it's the
future of how I will talk you know from
from a a long-term perspective but
needing to share it outside of just
opportunities like this or all that I
really see because at the end of the day
I love saying no to everything because
it's also you know I live right here my
office is at the bottom of the hill you
know I've even optimized my existence of
not even getting on freeways in Los
Angeles you know and and make everybody
come to me you know and I mean it's the
reality of when you are seeking this
level of clarity and and purpose and and
energy you really love to optimize any
and everything about your life because
you're just you're happy there's so much
more happy so how do you do it what
leads to it and how can someone apply it
what I'm trying to say about it is even
though those data points were helpful
for me to create a quantitative
foundation based off of qualitative data
I couldn't triangulate much when I
looked at all you slept here
oh you overrate here what it actually
ended up being was how much clarity I
had on my long-term financial planning
how much clarity I had on how I wanted
to live in my businesses and what I
wanted to invest in how much balance I
had with my social time and my wife
right it's all of these these deeper
levels and different aspects of time and
energy actually became the the tentacles
that fed back into that data and those
are moving mountains right those are
relationships and friends and family and
different things that you've got to
begin to adjust that you know were
affecting yourself and it includes
getting rid of a ton of things you know
the mean like there were there were a
ton of businesses and other
opportunities that I had years and
timing that I that it became very clear
that nope you just got to get rid of it
doesn't matter what type of L you take
it doesn't matter what it is you need to
rid these based off of the energy that
they're draining from you it's total
sense man and and your obsessive return
to clarity I think is is exactly why
you're able to execute at the level that
you're able to execute talk to me about
Tony Robbins like doing the research on
you I was really blown away by how you
talk about Tony and did you read money
master the game first or did you meet
him first so he had reached I you know I
didn't I didn't really like study
anything I never been to like one of the
seminars never even knew much about
everybody I think like the mythical side
of kind of who he was
III would say that sort of prejudge side
of like what you think he was up until
maybe the last couple years when money
in the documentary and all the different
stuff were you really understanding like
god he's like a real master and he had
reached out to me he asked to meet with
the intent of sharing with me money
massive the game
and promoting it to this millennial
audience that I reached through my
platforms right and I just thought it
exciting what I didn't intend is is for
how i opening money master the game was
for me and it was the instantaneous sort
of moment that I realized that I did not
even understand money never thought to
understand it but inside that book it
also talks about not approaching it as
money but what does money mean to your
life and your existence of your wants
and your needs and sort of your core
needs as an individual and that was
another major piece of like know you've
got to seek clarity here and you've got
to begin to understand like why are you
doing all this and if you're doing all
this where is this all leading to
because I used to say that I you know I
would be doing a thousand different
things in a thousand different
directions right and you kind of end up
standing so many different things that
you almost stand for nothing type of
thing and and that even same sort of
mentality now is on a micro level and
that meeting with him and reading that
book literally like unlocked the
beginning of building this entire life
plan and looking at stop looking at the
idea of you have a life and you have
business that meeting with him like
drove me into like start looking at
everything holistically and truly
changed my life forever
yeah that's amazing Tony tony has had a
huge impact on my life as well and kind
of in a similar vein of you know not
having spent I went to one day of one of
his seminars and and admittedly I was
blown away by how for like 14 hours or
something they can get you to the whole
fourteen I was there for you only a
hundred percent so I've always said I
would walk across fire for my wife not
ever thinking one day I will actually
have to like do
think about it right so then they say oh
he invites me to the thing then cuz he'd
come on the show and comes on the show
he's like hey we're gonna be doing this
event you should come as be my guest and
I was like oh my god like I'm not gonna
pass up being Tony Robbins guest so I go
to the event it culminates with the fire
walk so literally like walking up to it
I was like there's no universe in which
I don't walk across these coals
my thing is what it gave me was a sense
of importance there were stakes and so
now I could say like with certainty I
would walk across fire for my wife
because I actually did it and the only
reason that I didn't stop myself saying
this doesn't make any sense like why am
I doing this
was because I said that I would do it
for is there anything more beautiful
than love they don't man because I think
at the core of of even my clarity is
that I have great love you know it's
like I truly am married to my soulmate
and the person that I was destined to
build a life and family with and and I
really just don't believe without that
piece that I would have even come close
to achieving this level of clarity and
purpose either right it's it's that one
great x-factor that I had to prepare
myself for in the sense that I I took a
step towards changing who I was as an
individual and building a life that
would fit the person that I believed
that I would want to share the rest of
my life with rather than waiting to meet
someone that would change me into that
person I actually took that step forward
in that same sort of time and and became
very committed to like creating a life
built for great love and then found my
wife shortly thereafter so interesting
so you said that rather than waiting to
find somebody that would change me into
that person I did that work ahead of
time what what was that work as man if
somebody is watching this right now
they're thinking oh my god like I want
to do that to make myself available to
that person or at least useful when we
find each other like are there any sort
of nuggets you can share around what you
did I just built a respectful clean life
you know that that was it's really when
I started to like you know stop going
out
and even how I approached relationships
like I stopped like every relationship
was like if I don't think I can
potentially marry you I'm not going to
invest the time or energy I want to
begin to build a life that when someone
shows up that the track record of how
I've been waiting and building this life
from you know from just the way that I
took care of myself to the way that
someone would fit in it the way that I
would act the things that I would do the
the hobbies that I would have you know I
think I just started first with like if
I was the perfect boyfriend or husband
how would I be living if I want this
type of girl what would she expect out
of her mate or someone that she was to
get together with and I really just
built my life backwards from that point
to the dismay of everyone around me very
cool yeah all right before I asked my
last question where can these guys find
you look man you most likely you're
gonna find me on MTV on repeat you know
but you know the the core of my business
the dyrdek machine and all of my
ventures and all that stuff kind of live
on there of sort of the epicenter of
where they all lead out to and then of
course rob dyrdek on all my social
medias where sometimes I'm active
sometimes I'm not but really most likely
you're gonna find me on repeat on like a
Saturday afternoon and 11:00 on MTV nice
all right what's the impact that you
want to have in the world
you know I it's a pretty profound
question to ask somebody I think you
know and I I would hope that when it's
all said and done and one day I put all
this thought into a a system that it
would all altom Utley help create a
pathway for people to learn to master
themselves and and build a life system
that leads them to predictable happiness
you know I think at the end of the day
creating some sort of program or outlet
to be able to achieve that would be what
I would like to do long term you know
all right guys I really really hope that
you were paying attention in that
episode one of the things that I find
the absolute most fascinating about him
is you can get lost in the mania of all
the things that he's done from
intentionally being attacked by a shark
and a tiger to all the different
businesses that he's built it literally
is staggering but if you listen to what
he's talking about and especially listen
that part that he was just saying about
what he would teach his kids how to set
those micro goals so that it's burning
into them the sense of I know what I
want to have clarity around that and I
know what I need to do I have clarity
around that and then it's just about
executing to get to that point that is
to me exactly what it takes to get the
things that you want in life you've got
to have that clarity and so that is to
sum him up to some of this episode of
everything just revolves around that
level of clarity knowing exactly what
you want how to get it and then making
sure you need to go after it and do it
all right if you guys haven't already be
sure to get clarity in your own life if
that was gonna say subscribe but get
clarity and your own live
so you can go out and crush it and if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
and until next time my friends be
legendary
take care what's up impactive as' if
you've ever failed your New Year's
resolutions we've created a free guide
just for you the resolution reality
checklist it teaches you how to write
smarter resolutions so you will actually
crush this year you can download it
today at info impact Theory comm forward
slash resolutions